Adults

Issue No.2 · Sunday, December 10th

✨ Questions of the Week

QUESTION 1: What are you looking forward to next month?

Kanishk: I'm going to be moving to Seattle next month! Still trying to figure out all the details (sign a lease, ship my car, etc.) but I'm really excited. Definitely not looking forward to the no sunlight and ice cold temperatures. Hopefully I don't die of hypothermia!

pranali: I’m so excited for the holidays! I feel like lifes been so busy recently with work and existing, I can’t wait to turn my brain off

Poorna: bruh i am so excited to be home for a month and not do anything school related. looking forward to seeing all my friends after so long!! I don’t even think I’m gonna work at the hospital so I’ll actually just be free

Samantha: I'm excited for my family to visit for Christmas, my friend Sarabeth's wedding, and NYE in Austin!!

Rishika: i’m so excited for family time!! Knowing that i’ll be traveling w my sister during winter break helped me get through finals and now i can finally fully relax and plan!! (and using a british accent while talking to people w actual british accents in london oh boy it’s gonna be mad innit)

Corey Li: Next month, I am looking forward to going back to Plano to see everyone! I'm also going back to SF for new year's so I am excited to spend new year's in another city too!

Sapna: I am looking forward to the new year and getting to go to California in January to visit family.

Sanika Pragji: Going to guatemala for a wedding, so I’m very excited about that!! Will be our 2nd international wedding!!

Chetana: I'm excited to come home for Christmas break even though it's only for a week before I go to India. It's going to be so fun to relax and not study and see yall! I also want to paint and read more this break and hopefully into next semester because I really miss it.
Ps ill be in Dallas 15-22

Sharika Menon: I’m looking forward to having 2 weeks off of work and resting cause I know January is gonna be crazy at work. I’m going to the Cayman Islands the week before Christmas with the fam so that’ll be fun !! Also excited for NYE with everyone who’s coming to Austin :’) it’ll be nice to see everyone

Sonia: I am so excited to be home for four weeks! I have a lot of family coming in over the break, so I am looking forward to spending the holidays with them and hanging with all of you guys :)

Arjun: Have a few trips planned in the next month and can't wait to just eat endless amounts

Megs: Being away from Dallas! I actually have not travelled since my sisters wedding and I’m so fucking sick of Dallas.🤮
But also I’m looking forward to being really reflective of the past year. I love new year planning and I just feel so ready for this year to end.

Neil: Spending time with friends and family for the holidays while taking a break from work will be really nice. Megs and I are going to be spending some quality time in SF and then also getting to spend time together with family in Dallas after Christmas. NYE in Austin is going to be so much fun with everyone and I can't wait to see y'all!

picture:

Ajay panda: In 2024, I'm looking forward to starting to train for a 1/2 marathon which I'm planning to run in April! Besides that, I want to get more involved in doing volunteering and research on campus because the first semester I feel like the only thing I did was study

QUESTION 2: What’s your biggest flex in life right now?

Kanishk: I'm going to Disney World for Christmas!!!

pranali: The pecan pie i made for thanksgiving was a banger and looked so cute :))

Image 1
Poorna: I made steak for the first time and it was GOOD

Image 1
Samantha: I interviewed for my pediatric fieldwork placement for next year and was chosen by my first choice clinic!

Rishika: ME = 1/6th LAWYER !!!
This semester was definitely the hardest thing i’ve ever done (that’s what’s she said) and also a ton of my highest highs and some of my lowest lows but I’m so proud that I made it through 🤗
(and i’m choosing to not think about how i’m gonna have to do this 5. more. times 😵‍💫)

Sapna: I don’t think I have one maybe I sleep like 8+ hrs every night.

Sanika Pragji: School!! School fully kicked my ass last sem but this sem I kicked school’s ass 😎

Chetana: My plants are still alive 🍃

Sharika Menon: That I can naturally wake up at a reasonable hour and that my sleep schedule is kind of normal now for the first time in years

Sonia: It feels crazy to almost be done with pre-clinicals for med school! Halfway to being a doctor woo!!

Arjun: I met a gambling legend in real life and realized he goes to my gym

Megs: Being someone that looks good with bangs😙 like I genuinely have found the hairstyle for my 20’s and I love it so so much I feel so 90’s with it. But the only thing that sucks is my bangs get oilier faster than the rest of my hair:/
Also I learned this week that all of sanika’s bumble bff bestie friend group thinks I’m the coolest, artsiest, most musically eclectic girl😝 which I am but it’s nice to be recognized

Image 1
Neil: Living in a 1-bedroom apartment in San Francisco

Image 1
Ajay panda: Honestly, my biggest flex right now is just passing my classes haha this past unit.

QUESTION 3: How have you stepped out of your comfort zone recently?

Kanishk: I am trying to get more into playing sports. Started with Pickleball but hoping to start playing more basketball when the weather gets better. It's been a little sp00ky/frustrating playing with people who are way better than me, but I'm having a gr9 time.

pranali: Been meeting & talking to a lot of new people ://. I’ve been back home for quite some time now, so I went to the dallas office to visit even though I didnt know anyone. It was incredibly bro-y but I’m glad I got to meet them (also got cava which made the experience so much better)! Also went to my cousins Christmas party with a bunch of over 30 year olds and tried my best to not stick to her.

Poorna: flew to amsterdam to see kavish for a few days and there was a decent amount of time when i wasnt with him so it was cool to do stuff on my own. not really thaaat big of a deal but ive never like roamed around europe alone before and i felt cool figuring out the public transit and going on walks by myself hehe

Image 1
Samantha: I've had a bunch of presentations for school so I've been forced to practice my public speaking, unfortunately.

Rishika: i’ve gone to concerts that have all been amazing but are music genres that i normally would not listen to! being in ~music city~ has def helped me try so many new things and everyone is SO STINKIN TALENTED out here

Corey Li: I have! I recently started going to Zumba which has been pretty uncomfortable but its been super fun! I've been getting close with friends who've been doing it with me too.

Sapna: I am trying to cook which I never do but I made hot and sour soup which was pretty good!

Sanika Pragji: I am someone that gives 110% into any friendship, but I am learning to not give energy where it’s not reciprocated. Which is lowkey been a challenge lol because I never want to feel like I’m letting anyone down, but I have to do what’s best for me even if it’s uncomfortable.

Chetana: I feel like this whole semester has been out of my comfort zone!

Sharika Menon: I’m voicing my opinion more at work. I feel like I’ve never been scared to share my opinion anywhere usually but the hierarchical structure of corporate America is ~scary~ or whatever. I’ve also been asking for help more. I haven’t been afraid to ask questions or anything before but asking to lessen my workload was hard for me, especially in the beginning when I just started. But communicating my other responsibilities with my boss and team members more often has helped them understand where to step in when necessary.

Sonia: Honestly I really haven't, but maybe I'll make this a goal for the next month!

Arjun: I have not been pretty routined with the same things

Megs: I started going on walks through Katy Trail! Very big step since I hate being perceived but it’s really helped with my self-consciousness. I feel more comfortable taking up space which might sound weird but post-grad has really affected my self-esteem and how much I try to blend in to not stand out.

Image 1
Neil: I joined this slack channel that pairs you up with random coworkers for 1 on 1s every week. It's made up of mostly non-engineers so it's been nice to get exposure to other orgs in the company. I realized I hadn't been interacting with non-engineer/product/design people at work, so decided to do something about that.


picture: benchling holiday party

Image 1
Ajay panda: I went jet skiing in Cozumel this past weekend which is something I've never done before and that was really exciting! Me and one of my friends raced and we hit 60 MPH on the water which was insane!

QUESTION 4: Sanika Pragji asked: What are you working on in your relationships (with friends or with a partner) right now?

Kanishk: I am trying to figure out how to create reminders to respond to people on text (if anyone has any suggestions please lmk). Especially as we all get physically further apart, this is going to become even more important and we all know I suck at texting.

pranali: One of my friends recently said this to me and I loved how she put it so… “Find in your self what you look for in other people. That way you choose to want the people in your life, instead of forcing yourself to need them. A super duper basic example of this could be learning how to do car things my self, so that when my dad offers to take me to the shop or do it for me, its an act of love not an expectation.” It makes you actively choose to have relationships and appreciate them.

Poorna: Hmm maybe just that I’m trying to be better about talking to people more often! Catching up with people helps with the school stress so much but I don’t really do it as much as I should :)

Samantha: I want to spend more time with my grandparents (:

Rishika: getting better at reconnecting! being away from people i’ve been used to being around has def been hard but also has helped me evaluate my relationships and invest in the ones i want to! winter break is gonna be a lot of making up for lost time (working on charging up my social battery)

Image 1
Corey Li: Since I'm leaving in couple weeks from SF, I've been trying to spend time with my friends as much as I can, especially those I won't see for a while.

Sapna: I don’t really do this but I wanna try making more plans with people for the weekends to try out new fun stuff.

Sanika Pragji: I made a lot of friends this year and I had a lot going on work, social and school wise. I spread myself way too thin especially in the last 6 months. I have been working on setting boundaries which has meant saying no to some things and having to miss out which isn’t always the most fun but necessary.

Chetana: It was a little rough meeting people and making friends this semester, because school was so busy and there were so many new people it was overwhelming. But, I think I've found a good group of people so I'm just trying to get to know them a little better.

Sharika Menon: This is going to sound evil 🤣 but I’ve been evaluating how much effort I want to put into certain friendships and doing less in friendships where I don’t feel reciprocation to the same level of effort I was putting in before. Like it’s no hard feelings to those people but I’ve realized I don’t have to be best friends with every friend. I can have a friend where I only discuss TV shows with or a friend I only really try coffee shops with and that’s okay. I think it’ll help me put more time and effort into people I am closer with and give me more time to myself (which I desperately need back)

Sonia: I'm working on spending more quality time with people! This semester has been a lot busier, so I'm trying to be more intentional about setting aside moments each week to hang out with those I'm close to!

Arjun: Being more intentional with telling people important things

Megs: With making friends in class it’s a little hard but I’ve really been trying to be more myself and talkative early on! I made a couple more friends this semester through group projects but I’m always so astonished at how much older they are when they seem my same age.
With friends I already have and Neil, being more intentional. I thrive off of seeing people instead of calling or texting so definitely using find my as a way to keep up with y'all and make time for y’all even if you come home for a few days:) and with Neil just being very clear about where we are. We kind of started trying to call or ft with an intention set and being more compassionate if our intentions don’t align (calling for a reason or just to like spend time and do our own thing on ft). It’s been a little difficult since we often do not align but the communication is so so helpful in understanding how we both think and react. And honestly, I really want to implement this with friendships bc I’m always so worried when I ft before texting that I’m stepping on toes but I need to be more ok with being misaligned with friends and trying to find that alignment even if it’s for a quick 5 minute check in.

Neil: Being more response & communicative. I have so much trouble responding or catching up with my friends even though those are the people I'd like to talk to everyday. Pls just move to SF with me

picture: could be us but you’re not here

Image 1
Ajay panda: I feel like since I started med school and my brother started college at UT, we have become more distant just cuz we are both super busy, but I def want to work on that relationship now while we are on break, because I know as the years go on we will only have less and less time to see each other.

QUESTION 5: 📸 Photo Wall


Kanishk: How I feel about y'all :-)


pranali: my roomie sent me this pic and said “”very likely i keep this one”, so everybody pray for me 🙏🏼


Samantha: My childhood friend got married and my parents came to the wedding with me <3 The sunset was insane (pics don’t do justice)


Rishika: can confirm he’s really silly in real life and it’s crazy how much he is like Schmidt outside the show too


Sanika Pragji: Friendsgiving!


Chetana: This is the cat from my old apartment :,) I miss her


Sharika Menon: I went to this random OEM work event where I didn’t know anyone to take photos and quotes for a project but then I won an espresso machine!


Sonia: Kareena and I at the Plano Turkey Trot!


Arjun: Ohhhh yeahhhhh


Megs: baboons


Ajay panda: Here's me and some of my med school friends on our cruise!

QUESTION 6: 👀 Check it Out

Kanishk: https://l.messenger.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fopen.spotify.com%2Fepisode%2F0lt4sRMlLOw5H7onrTOpoc&h=AT2NIZ0C3R81vgqLuBcj2XUW3itH6177CRH7s3hUAaZp_JXfY0H06-Pi9uAOBY1Foa21TXWwtv45wXrNuIIQiLPvB_jhHV8u8jFO3zjHNAJum7rEbqJ4C2i8Vin8JVNwsyY_hA

pranali: 90210 IS ON AMAZON PRIME. !

Poorna: New ajr album is fire

Samantha: https://www.tiktok.com/t/ZT8ahgFuv/

Rishika: https://open.spotify.com/track/19IE8dbCcc8wMD7HvoE3Sz?si=hcBaHHvrTUOTeiaWPqUE2A

(this song was in my wrapped top 5 and i have no idea what they’re saying)

Check It Out Image 1
Sapna: Any song from tbosas LOL

Sanika Pragji: Some songs from my spotify wrapped!

https://open.spotify.com/track/54SXW7yYS36p8rOMFGmcoN?si=7-FL2p-ETWiRCwoHjjY6cg

https://open.spotify.com/track/03ZKxhlHbEK1L6xZHUEd5l?si=fttolkBJQNyQ7Bffa65UXA

https://open.spotify.com/track/62mXJsL3y9QUJnIuRzdaNT?si=KQx593dUQ1OGmg1s7UiWzg

Chetana: https://www.tiktok.com/t/ZT8aVWpae/ 😳

Sharika Menon: I’m always listening to some pop shit but rn it’s Troye Sivan’s recent album. I really like Silly, What’s The Time Where You Are, and Honey. https://open.spotify.com/album/5UcGyEltve5psjxSRsHx8E?si=tRL7H5oiS9u4Bp1svM_eYw

Megs: This might really go against my claim of being musically eclectic but those yt videos of fairy music with twinkling background noise and babbling brooks for like 10 hours are on repeat during this finals season🧚✨

Neil: was not prepared for this letterloop pls forgive

Ajay panda: https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/123163147
- This is the book im reading!